Components topics update for XD state feature (#535)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/progress.md

## Progress Amount

> When using a Determinate type of Progress, you may choose the Progress Amount between six percentage variants. In Sketch, this is achieved with `Symbol Overrides` to let you easily switch between them, while in Adobe XD you have to replace the default Progress Amount with desired by drag and drop from assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a Determinate type of Progress, you may choose the Progress Amount between six percentage variants. In Sketch, this is achieved with `Symbol Overrides` to let you easily switch between them, while in Adobe XD you have to drag the desired amount from the `Libraries` panel and drop it on top of the `Progress Amount` layer to change the default value.
```
